{'automobile': ['India\'s Ministry of Heavy Industries has reportedly told Elon Musk-led Tesla that the government cannot favour a reduction in import duties based only on an "intent to invest" as it\'ll be unfair to existing players. The ministry told Tesla to first begin local assembly operations of its electric cars in India and thereafter scale it to full-fledged manufacturing, reports said.',
  'A 47-year-old man in US\' Louisiana has been arrested and is facing criminal charges for allegedly faking a hit-and-run and claiming he was injured by a Tesla. This comes after the Slidell Police Department reviewed the car\'s camera footage, which showed Arthur Bates Jr walking behind it and throwing himself on the ground. Police said the Tesla "outsmarted" the suspect.',
  'A Tesla Model S Plaid has set a new "world speed record for a production electric car" at 7 minutes 30 seconds at Germany\'s famous Nürburgring racetrack, CEO Elon Musk said on Twitter. He said the car used was "completely unmodified, directly from factory". The Tesla beat Porsche Taycan Turbo\'s record of 7 minutes and 42 seconds by 12 seconds.',
  "Elon Musk's Tesla is reportedly in talks with the Centre on rules and regulations to open wholly-owned retail showrooms in India. Tesla will have to comply with foreign direct investment norms relating to single-brand retail, including local procurement norms, to sell directly in India, Business Standard reported. World's largest furniture retailer IKEA also entered India through a similar route.",
  "Ford Motor Company on Thursday announced that it will cease local manufacturing in India. It will stop manufacturing for exports at Sanand plant by fourth quarter of 2021 and Chennai engine and assembly plants by second quarter of 2022. Ford has accumulated over $2 billion of operating losses in India over the past 10 years, Ford's CEO Jim Farley said.",
  'Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra on Tuesday agreed with Tesla CEO Elon Musk\'s proposition that car "production is hard" and "production with positive cash flow is extremely hard". "You said it, Elon Musk...and we\'ve been doing that for decades now. Still sweating and slaving away at it. It\'s our way of life," Mahindra replied to Musk on Twitter.',
  'Maruti Suzuki has recalled 1,81,754 cars to inspect for a possible defect in the petrol variants of Ciaz, Ertiga, Vitara Brezza, S-Cross and XL6 manufactured between May 4, 2018 and October 27, 2020. "In the interest of customers, Maruti Suzuki has decided to voluntarily recall the affected vehicles for inspection/replacement of Motor Generator Unit, free of cost," it stated.',
  'An employee, who has been working at Ford\'s Chennai plant since 1998, said that Ford\'s announcement to shut the unit by second half of 2022 was "really shocking". Another employee, who has worked there for 21 years, said many labourers "dedicated their careers to Ford" and now "feel abandoned". Ford\'s Chennai labour union said over 2,700 employees will be affected.',
  'Hyundai Motor India\'s MD and CEO Seon Seob Kim has said that the government must offer some incentive or tax benefit or a subsidy to individual buyers to encourage demand for electric cars. "For an OEM (original equipment manufacturer) to be aggressive in the electric vehicle space we need some viable demand and scale," he further said.',
  'Volkswagen CEO Herbert Diess told Der Spiegel that the company is considering partnerships with other carmakers to develop software. He did not rule out cooperation with competitors such as BMW or Daimler. "If Europe loses data sovereignty in the car, then we will make ourselves completely dependent on high-tech companies from USA or China," Diess warned.',
  "US-based chipmaker Qualcomm has said that it will supply a computing chip for the digital dashboard in a new Renault electric vehicle. Renault's Mégane E-TECH Electric will use Qualcomm's chip to power its infotainment system using software from Google. Mégane E-TECH Electric is expected to go on sale next year.",
  'India will give about $3.5 billion (₹25,000 crore) in incentives to auto companies over a five-year period under a revised scheme to boost the manufacturing and export of clean technology vehicles, Reuters reported. An $8 billion allocation, as planned initially, could be made available if the scheme is successful, initial funds are spent and certain conditions are met.',
  'A Tesla crashed into a house in Florida on September 3 leaving two people dead and three injured, according to local authorities. The vehicle reportedly was not on autopilot mode at the time of the crash. It was fully airborne when it crashed through the house and left a gaping hole in the middle of it.',
  "Automobile dealers' body FADA said that Ford dealers in India invested over ₹2,000 crore in creating sales infrastructure and they are staring at huge losses. This comes after Ford said it will end manufacturing operations in India. The dealers, who employ around 40,000 people in India, currently hold around 1,000 vehicles worth ₹150 crore, FADA President Vinkesh Gulati said.",
  'BMW now has contracts for more than $23.8 billion (around ₹1.75 lakh crore) worth of batteries, its CEO Oliver Zipse has said. This comes after electric cars made up for more than 11% of deliveries during the first half of the year. "We\'re following the market...The first half has shown that we\'re growing and gaining market share," he added.',
  "China's Geely has hired Stefan Sielaff, the former design chief of British luxury brand Bentley, as the Vice President of Global Design. Sielaff, who will be based in Sweden, will oversee Geely's brands including Geely Auto, Lynk & Co and will also support the development of premium EV brand, Zeekr. He has previously worked at Audi, Mercedes-Benz and Volkswagen.",
  'Toyota, the world\'s biggest carmaker, has cut its annual production target by 300,000 vehicles. "It\'s a combination of the coronavirus and semiconductors, but at the moment it is the coronavirus that is having the overwhelming impact," Toyota executive Kazunari Kumakura said. The company now expects to produce 9 million vehicles in the year to March 31, rather than 9.3 million.',
  'A top government official has said Ford\'s exit from India is no reflection on the country\'s economy, media reports said. The official added Ford\'s decision is because of operational reasons and due to competition. "Automotive sector continues to attract billions of dollars in investment, and Indian economy and auto sector continue to be great success story," the official said.\n\n\n\n',
  'Total vehicle sales in August rose by 14.48% year-on-year but was down by 14.75% as against the sales in August 2019, data released by Federation of Automobile Dealers Associations (FADA) showed. Two-wheeler sales rose 6.66% to 9,76,051 units last month, compared to 9,15,126 units in the year-ago period. Commercial vehicle sales surged nearly 98% to 53,150 units during the month.',
  'Daimler\'s CEO Ola Kallenius has said that the global semiconductor shortage may not entirely go away next year and could take until 2023 to be resolved. "Several chip suppliers have been referring to structural problems with demand," he added. Kallenius further said that he hopes Daimler\'s own supply of semiconductors will improve in the fourth quarter.',
  'Volkswagen CEO Herbert Diess has said autonomous cars, not electric vehicles, are the "real gamechanger" for auto industry. The shift towards electrified cars was "kind of easy" in comparison, he added. "By 2030...about 85% of our business [will be] cars, private cars, privately owned, shared rental cars...and about 15% of mobility should be shuttles, mobility as a service," Diess said.',
  'Mahindra & Mahindra said on Thursday it will observe seven "No Production Days" at its automotive division plants this month due to the supply shortage of semiconductors. The company estimates this will result in 20% to 25% drop in September vehicle production. Revenue and profit will be impacted in line with the fall in production volumes, the company added.',
  "India's biggest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Wednesday said its total production in August fell by 8% year-on-year to 1,13,937 units as semiconductor shortage impacted its manufacturing schedules. The company had produced a total of 1,23,769 units in the year-ago period. MSI had reported a 58% increase in total production in July on a yearly basis to 1,70,719 units.",
  'Hyundai Motor Group has said that it plans to offer hydrogen fuel cell versions of all its commercial vehicles by 2028. It will cut the price of fuel cell vehicles to battery electric levels two years later. The group will also develop fuel cell vehicles for Kia and its premium Genesis brand, which could be launched after 2025. '],
 'business': ['Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella and LinkedIn CEO Ryan Roslansky told CNBC that they aren\'t setting any expectations for a complete return-to-office. "We tried [setting a firm return date] and it doesn\'t work because [of]...the unknowns on the pandemic," Nadella said. "It\'s really important to not be dogmatic right now and just leaning into flexibility is the key," Roslansky said.',
  "Former Indian cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni is among nearly 10,000 homebuyers who haven't paid the balance due towards their flats in the Supreme Court-monitored Amrapali Group housing projects. Dhoni's name misspelt as 'Doni' appeared in a list published by the Supreme Court in TOI. According to the list, Dhoni is yet to claim two penthouses in Noida.",
  'India\'s Ministry of Heavy Industries has reportedly told Elon Musk-led Tesla that the government cannot favour a reduction in import duties based only on an "intent to invest" as it\'ll be unfair to existing players. The ministry told Tesla to first begin local assembly operations of its electric cars in India and thereafter scale it to full-fledged manufacturing, reports said.',
  "Shares of Apple fell 3.3% and erased nearly $85 billion from its market capitalisation on Friday after a US judge's ruling in 'Fortnite' creator Epic Games' antitrust lawsuit against Apple. The judge ruled that Apple can't prohibit developers from providing payment links that direct users away from its in-app purchasing system. Apple's stock suffered its biggest decline since May 4.",
  'Reliance Industries has announced that the launch of \'JioPhone Next\', the 4G smartphone made by Google and Jio, which was scheduled for September 10, has been delayed. It added that the smartphone is in "advanced trials" and will be rolled out before Diwali, which is in November. RIL noted that this additional time will also help "mitigate" global semiconductor shortages.',
  'Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has said that firms that are forcing their employees to report to office amid rising COVID-19 Delta variant cases are "short-sighted". He added there\'s no one-size-fits-all approach to hybrid work as employee expectations keep changing. "The only way for organisations to solve for this complexity is to embrace flexibility across their entire operating model," he stated.',
  'An employee, who has been working at Ford\'s Chennai plant since 1998, said that Ford\'s announcement to shut the unit by second half of 2022 was "really shocking". Another employee, who has worked there for 21 years, said many labourers "dedicated their careers to Ford" and now "feel abandoned". Ford\'s Chennai labour union said over 2,700 employees will be affected.',
  "Rajasthan's Shivani Meena, an IIT Jodhpur alumna, has become the first woman excavation engineer to work in an open cast mine at government-owned Coal India's subsidiary Central Coalfields. Meena has joined Jharkhand's Rajrappa project and will look after maintenance of heavy machineries. Earlier, Akanksha Kumari became Coal India's first woman mining engineer to work in an underground mine.",
  'In order to reduce edible oil prices, the Centre has reduced the standard rate of duty on crude palm oil, crude soyabean oil and crude sunflower oil to 2.5%. Standard rate of duty on refined palm, soyabean and sunflower oils has been reduced to 32.5%. Direct value of benefits expected to be passed on to the consumers is ₹4,600 crore.',
  "The CBI has reportedly registered a corruption and cheating case against three officials of Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) for allegedly siphoning off around ₹2.71 crore between March 2020-June 2021. They misused Aadhaar data collected from migrant workers, showed them as employees of a Mumbai-based out-of-work firm and filed 91 fake claims, reports quoted CBI officials as saying.",
  'RPG Enterprises Chairman Harsh Goenka has shared a message he received from an employee\'s wife. "This is a humble appeal to allow him to work from office now. He is doubly vaccinated...If work from home continues...our marriage will definitely not work anymore. He drinks coffee ten times a day...constantly asks for food," the woman\'s message read.',
  'Tech Mahindra MD CP Gurnani shared a picture of Telangana Minister KT Rama Rao (KTR) holding an umbrella for him and wrote, "Humbled...It\'s not every day that someone of your stature holds the umbrella for me!" Reacting to the photo, Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra said, "Wonderful...KTR you\'re setting a phenomenal example. You\'re demonstrating that leadership and humility are inseparable."',
  "Pakistan Finance Minister Shaukat Tarin on Thursday said that Pakistan may use its own currency for bilateral trade with Afghanistan as Kabul is facing a shortage of US dollars, several Pakistani media reported. He added that Pakistan may send its officials to run affairs in Afghanistan. Earlier, IMF and World Bank paused their aid to Afghanistan after Taliban's takeover.",
  'CAIT has announced a national campaign against foreign-funded e-commerce firms which it said are violating the e-commerce rules and adversely impacting offline traders. During the campaign, CAIT will send communication to all political parties of the country to clarify their stand on e-commerce. It will also reach out to large corporates like Tata and Reliance to fight foreign-funded companies.',
  'Zerodha CEO Nithin Kamath said cryptocurrency could disrupt new-age online brokers or even exchanges. "While crypto is still small in India, we\'re in...similar situation as the US, a few years back. The regulatory fear doesn\'t allow regulated platforms to offer crypto. Eventually, if the status quo on regulations continues, traders can move away and disrupt the broking industry," he added.',
  'The UK government is ending a data deal with Peter Thiel-founded Palantir, following criticism about the lack of transparency on how the contracts were awarded to the firm, Bloomberg reported. The Department of Health and Social Care was given a deadline of September 30 to shift its Adult Social Care Dashboard away from third-party providers to its own system.',
  'A top government official has said Ford\'s exit from India is no reflection on the country\'s economy, media reports said. The official added Ford\'s decision is because of operational reasons and due to competition. "Automotive sector continues to attract billions of dollars in investment, and Indian economy and auto sector continue to be great success story," the official said.\n\n\n\n',
  'Toyota, the world\'s biggest carmaker, has cut its annual production target by 300,000 vehicles. "It\'s a combination of the coronavirus and semiconductors, but at the moment it is the coronavirus that is having the overwhelming impact," Toyota executive Kazunari Kumakura said. The company now expects to produce 9 million vehicles in the year to March 31, rather than 9.3 million.',
  "Automobile dealers' body FADA said that Ford dealers in India invested over ₹2,000 crore in creating sales infrastructure and they are staring at huge losses. This comes after Ford said it will end manufacturing operations in India. The dealers, who employ around 40,000 people in India, currently hold around 1,000 vehicles worth ₹150 crore, FADA President Vinkesh Gulati said.",
  "Cathie Wood's ARK Invest sold over 180,000 shares worth around $139 million on Wednesday and Thursday, Bloomberg reported citing daily trade reports. Tesla shares have rallied over the past three weeks, adding $75 billion to its market value. Earlier this year, ARK Invest estimated that Tesla's stock price will hit $3,000 by 2025, pegging the market valuation at $3 trillion.",
  'Tesla CEO Elon Musk has asked his employees to go "super hardcore" to "ensure a decent Q3 delivery number," Reuters reported. "The end of quarter delivery wave is unusually high this time, as we suffered...from...severe parts shortages earlier this quarter," he reportedly said. He added Tesla built "a lot of cars with missing parts that needed to be added later".',
  'New York University professor Aswath Damodaran told Business Today he would prefer to have Paytm over Ola in his portfolio. "The ride-sharing business is a disaster around the world. They have figured out how to grow but not how to make money," Damodaran said. "If I can get Paytm at right price, I would prefer to have that," he added.',
  'Unemployment rate for all ages in urban areas rose to 10.3% in October to December 2020 as compared to 7.9% in the year-ago period, a survey by the National Statistical Office (NSO) showed. Labour force participation rate was 37.3% during the period. Meanwhile, worker population ratio stood at 33.5% for October-December 2020, down from 34.2% in the year-ago period.',
  'RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das on Thursday said that the retail inflation will gradually start to moderate from current levels and is highly unlikely to remain above 6% for a sustainable period. "Our efforts will gradually move to 4% over a period of time," he added. RBI is quite optimistic about its 9.5% growth estimate for 2021-22 at present, Das said.',
  'Coffee Day Enterprises (CDEL), which owns and operates Cafe Coffee Day chain, paid ₹69 lakh to settle a case, pertaining to alleged disclosure norm violations, with SEBI. The market regulator had initiated adjudication proceedings against it for the alleged violations of Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements (LODR) regulations. A show cause notice was issued to the company in January.'],
 'entertainment': ['Mexican rapper Dan Sur has had gold chains implanted direct in his scalp, replacing his human hair. The 23-year-old claimed he\'s the first rapper to have gold hair implanted in human history. "The truth is...I wanted to do something different because I see everyone dyes their hair...I hope not everyone copies me now," he said in one of his videos.',
  "Tollywood actor Sai Dharam Tej, the nephew of Chiranjeevi, has been hospitalised after getting injured in a road accident in Hyderabad. The actor broke his collarbone in the accident and sustained soft tissue injuries. CCTV footage showed that the actor's bike suddenly slipped on the road, and the actor was dragged for a couple of metres due to it. ",
  'TV actor Shaheer Sheikh and his wife Ruchikaa Kapoor have been blessed with a baby girl. They welcomed their first child on Friday. Shaheer, known for his role as Arjun in the mythological drama Mahabharat, tied the knot with Ruchikaa, the senior vice president at Balaji Productions, in November 2020. ',
  'Director Rohit Shetty, during an appearance on \'Social Media Star With Janice\', commented on celebrities who invite the media to cover them doing acts of charity outside temples. "Who does that? Only if you call and inform the photographers will they know that you are going to the temple. How else will they know?" he stated. ',
  "The opposition AIADMK in Tamil Nadu on Friday objected to certain references about party stalwarts- the late MGR and J Jayalalithaa- in the latter's multi-lingual biopic 'Thalaivi' and wanted the scenes deleted. For instance, one scene showed MGR seeking a Minister post in the first DMK government. Senior AIADMK leader D Jayakumar said he was never after such posts.",
  'During an episode of Kaun Banega Crorepati 13, actress Deepika Padukone talked about her battle with depression. "Many times, I don\'t know if I should say this but I didn\'t feel like living anymore. I felt like I had no purpose," she said. "Mental health is something you\'ve to take care of. I\'ve introduced some lifestyle changes now," she added.',
  "Actress Kriti Sanon has bought a Mercedes-Maybach GLS 600 worth ₹2.43 crore. The actress was spotted in her new car at Maddock Films office in Santa Cruz, Mumbai. Kriti's latest purchase comes a few days after Arjun Kapoor bought the same car. Actor Ranveer Singh too had bought the same car in July. ",
  'Kavita Kaushik sought help in finding doctor Amit Sharma, who has treated several actors in 20 years and has been a set doctor for Indian Idol. "He [has been] missing since last 5 days, his mother is howling, cops have been informed too!" she tweeted. Kavita further said that according to his mother, his behaviour was mysterious since some time.',
  'Hollywood actor Matt Damon recently revealed that he has a "very private Instagram account". "I have 76 followers and I have done 40 posts since 2013," Matt, who does not have any public social media accounts, said. The actor further said he uses his Instagram account to see his friends\' kids growing up around the world. ',
  "Andy Garcia, who played the role of Vincent Mancini in 'The Godfather Part III', has joined the cast of 'The Expendables 4'. According to The Hollywood Reporter, he will play a CIA agent in the film, which also stars Jason Statham, Sylvester Stallone, Dolph Lundgren and Randy Couture. The upcoming instalment will be directed by Scott Waugh. ",
  'The release date of Ram Charan and Jr NTR-starrer \'RRR\' has been postponed from October 13. While making the announcement, the makers shared that they "cannot announce a new date" as theatres are closed across the globe due to COVID-19 pandemic. "We\'ll release at...earliest possible date when...cinema markets are up and running," a tweet from the film\'s Twitter handle read. ',
  'Speaking about her recently released film \'Bhoot Police\', actress Yami Gautam said that it is for the first time that she has tried something like horror-comedy. She added, "It was a new and refreshing experience for me. I\'m delighted to know that the audience...loved my performance." "It motivates me to expand myself as an artist even more," she said.',
  'Danny Denzongpa and Sarika have reportedly joined Amitabh Bachchan, Boman Irani and Anupam Kher in Sooraj Barjatya\'s directorial \'Oonchai\'. The film will go on floors in Nepal next month, reports said. Neena Gupta and Parineeti Chopra are also part of the project, which is "a beautiful slice of life tale of four friends, who are aged 60 plus", reports stated. ',
  'Actor Gulshan Grover took to Twitter and said that Ranveer Singh praised him for his performance in \'Sooryavanshi\'. Gulshan, popularly known as the \'Bad Man\' met Ranveer at actor Akshay Kumar\'s home recently. He tweeted, "Thanx chotte bhai Ranveer for conveying [that] you love my acting in \'Sooryavanshi\'. \'Bad Man is back...your intense eyes\'...these comments will remain with me."',
  'Actress Kavita Kaushik said she stopped celebrating Ganesh Chaturthi after her father died in 2016. Taking to Instagram, she wrote, "Something broke in 2016 when my father died, I discontinued bringing Bappa home, maybe I was fighting with...Mahadev, \'you took away my dad I won\'t love your son\'." Kavita celebrated Ganesh Chaturthi this year, first time since her father\'s death.',
  'Filmmaker Priyadarshan, while speaking about his actress-daughter Kalyani Priyadarshan, said, "She is a very clear-headed young woman." He added that his daughter, who has appeared in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films, doesn\'t want him to launch her in Bollywood. "She feels success feels better when achieved without family\'s professional support," Priyadarshan said. ',
  'Filmmaker-choreographer Farah Khan, who recently contracted coronavirus, has now tested negative. Taking to Instagram Stories on Saturday, she shared a clip of her pet and wrote, "Look who\'s most excited to know I\'ve tested negative." Farah had shared the news of her diagnosis earlier this month and said that she tested positive despite being fully vaccinated.  ',
  'Ankita Lokhande recalled her first meeting with the late actor and her ex-boyfriend Sushant Singh Rajput, and said it was very weird. The actress, who worked with Sushant in the show \'Pavitra Rishta\', added, "We\'d to go for...promo shoot and Sushant came to pick me up from my home and was downstairs...I remember I got late...and he was very angry." ',
  'Yami Gautam, who\'ll complete a decade in the Hindi film industry next year, spoke about her journey and said, "I\'ve...better sense of things now." "I\'m my own godfather," she said, adding, "People are always offering...advice. They\'ll say, \'Dress up in...certain way, socialise more.\' I\'d to push myself to not fall into this [trap] and stay focused on finding good roles." ',
  "Warner Bros has pushed the release of 'Furiosa', George Miller's prequel to 'Mad Max: Fury Road', by a year. The film, which was originally scheduled to release on June 23, 2023, will now hit screens on May 24, 2024, the studio announced on Friday. 'The Queen's Gambit' star Anya Taylor-Joy will play the titular role in the upcoming film.",
  'Vashu Bhagnani\'s Pooja Entertainment on Saturday dismissed reports claiming that actor Kartik Aaryan has received a three-film deal from the producer. Sharing the report, the production house tweeted, "No truth to this at all." Pooja Entertainment recently released the spy thriller film \'Bell Bottom\', which featured Akshay Kumar, Vaani Kapoor, Lara Dutta and Huma Qureshi.',
  'Actor Sai Dharam Tej, who met with an accident in Hyderabad on Friday, is medically stable, according to Apollo Hospital\'s official statement. "There are no major injuries to brain, spine and major organs...He sustained soft tissue injuries and...collar bone fracture," it read. Chiranjeevi, who\'s Tej\'s uncle, also shared an update on his health and said he suffered "minor injuries".',
  'Actress Priyanka Chopra Jonas took to Instagram to share a picture with her friend, actress Lara Dutta in London. In the photo, Priyanka is seen posing with Lara and her daughter, Saira. Alongside the picture, she wrote, "21 years and counting...friendships that can pick up at any given time...Lara and her most shining star. Saira, you\'re definitely your mum\'s daughter."',
  "Fardeen Khan, who was last seen in 2010 film 'Dulha Mil Gaya', is set to make his comeback in Sanjay Gupta's next production 'Visfot', as per reports. He'll reportedly share screen space with Riteish Deshmukh in the film. Reportedly, Fardeen will play the role of a taxi driver and an ex-drug dealer while Riteish will play a commercial airline pilot. "],
 'hatke': ['A woman has been banned from visiting a zoo in Belgium after she said she was having an "affair" with a chimpanzee. Adie Timmermans has been visiting the 38-year-old chimpanzee, Chita, for four years and the two used to blow kisses and wave at each other. The zoo said this wasn\'t good for Chita as other chimpanzees started excluding him.',
  "An off-grid house right by the sea, with no internet or electricity, is up for sale in the UK's Devon with an asking price of £550,000 (over ₹5.5 crore). The two-bedroom house with 1,345 sq ft of interior space has no mains water supply and water is supplied by a rainwater harvesting system. Multi-fuel burners provide heating in the house.",
  'A car parking space in the UK that has been described as "very rare" was sold for £115,000 (over ₹1.16 crore). The "good size" parking space is in a secure underground garage with an electric gate and lighting, the seller said. "The garage occupies a highly sought-after position, just a very short walk from shops, galleries and restaurants," it added.',
  'The Consul General of Japan in Seattle has gone viral on Twitter for posting identical origami crane videos on Instagram for nearly one year. The diplomat started filming these videos on August 22, 2020 and their format has since remained unchanged. In each video, he holds up a crane which he says he "folded...while praying for everyone’s health and peace." ',
  'A video that shows the staff of a London restaurant surprising a visually-impaired diner with an edible, braille \'Happy birthday\' message went viral on TikTok with 8.7 million views in 24 hours. The text on the video read, "They had the chef write Happy Birthday in BRAILLE!!!...using melted chocolate." The 48-second clip has received over 25,000 comments. ',
  "An 800-kg walrus called Wally will get a 'floating couch' after he sank two boats in Ireland while trying to climb on to them. The Seal Rescue Ireland (SRI) has appealed to the public to donate a 'floatation couch' like an unused pontoon for Wally to rest on. This will be placed in the harbour if Wally is spotted again.",
  'An Austrian man reportedly woke up on Saturday night to the sound of his toilet being flushed continuously and discovered a six-foot-long Aesculapian snake inside the cistern. The man called Emergency Services at around one in the morning and firefighters were able to relocate the snake to a forest. This species is one of the biggest reptiles found in Europe. ',
  'A UK widower who stays in a care home and will turn 101 on August 19 received 700 cards from strangers across the world, including one card from Queen Elizabeth. The care home manager asked people to send in cards to cheer the 100-year-old RAF veteran up after he learned his Australia-based daughter could not visit due to COVID-19 protocols. ',
  'A US man inserted six kidney beans in his private parts as a "sex experiment" but was hospitalised when he couldn\'t "express the beans during ejaculation" as planned. He told doctors he had tried the sex act before but never used this many beans. The beans measured 15 millimetres by 7 millimetres and were removed from his urethra and bladder. ',
  'A US-based zoo-founder, Jay Brewer\'s video of him carrying a 22-foot-long, 113-kg snake over his shoulder has gone viral on Instagram with over 7.1 lakh views since it was posted. One Instagram user commented, "She looks like a curious child, what a nice ride." Brewer routinely shares videos featuring reptiles like snakes and crocodiles, and has over 4.4 million followers. ',
  'A Texas-based man recently won a $5.5 million (₹40.8 crore) lawsuit against a bar after getting into a drunken fight in the bar\'s parking lot in 2019. The lawsuit claimed the restaurant and bartender were negligent in their actions and allowed him to get "too drunk", leading to a fight. The man has previously been arrested for public intoxication. ',
  'The video of a New York City Police Department (NYPD) officer jumping on to subway tracks to rescue an unconscious man as the train approaches was recently posted on Instagram. The cop was helped by a "good samaritan" and the duo were able to save the man who had fallen face-first on the tracks. The man reportedly had a seizure. ',
  "A man in Senegal dressed as a woman to take his girlfriend's high school graduation exams because he feared she would not clear them. While he got away with it for three days, an invigilator noticed something strange about his appearance on the fourth day and handed him over to the police. He reportedly wore make-up, a headscarf and earrings. ",
  'A video of a 10-foot-long python slithering through the spice aisle of a local Australian supermarket was recently shared on Facebook. The supermarket said the snake was safely relocated by a former volunteer snake catcher who was present in the store during the incident. The snake catcher said the python was "mellow" and "almost...asking" to be taken outside. ',
  'A 25-foot rubber duck with the word "Joy" written on it mysteriously appeared in a harbour in Maine, US over the weekend. An official at the Belfast Harbour reportedly said it doesn\'t pose a navigational hazard and "everyone loves it". She added that she has no idea who owns it but "a lot of people" want to keep it there.',
  'A 29-year-old US man has been charged with trespassing after he rode a school bus and walked into a high school, authorities said. The man was reportedly standing on a roadside with papers and a binder when a substitute bus driver mistook him for a student and picked him up. Police were called when he entered the school facility. ',
  'A South Korean man recently discovered $130,000 (₹96 lakh) taped to the bottom of a secondhand kimchi fridge and turned it over to the cops. In a report dated August 6, the man told the police he found the money while cleaning the fridge he ordered online. If the owner cannot be traced, the money will be returned to him. ',
  'The video of a Chipotle employee in Baltimore, US throwing scissors at a customer who complained after his order was delayed by 20-30 minutes has gone viral on Facebook. The police is reportedly investigating the incident that occurred on August 10. The employee can be seen arguing with the customer in the video before hurling the scissors at him. ',
  "Pope Francis, a Buenos Aires' San Lorenzo football club fan, was recently gifted a new foosball table by representatives of a Tuscany-based table football association in Altopascio. Pope Francis also played a round when it was presented to him. The mayor of Altopascio in a Facebook post said the table was designed to be inclusive for people with physical disabilities. ",
  'The fire department in Tulsa, Oklahoma took to Twitter to share that the "body in the river" they were called to investigate was a "man just laying in the water". The video in the post shows the man sitting up after firefighters approached him to check for signs of life. "Please...find alternate ways to stay cool!" the caption read. ',
  'Officials at a zoo in Florida recently announced the birth of two baby albino alligators in a Facebook video that has since gone viral online. The zookeepers in the video said that the newborns\' parents, Blizzard and Snowflake, also gave birth to albino alligators last year, making them "back-to-back champions". "We\'re really excited," the officials added. ',
  'A Massachusetts woman who was wrongly convicted of witchcraft in 1693 and sentenced to death will likely be pardoned 328 years later, because of a group of eighth-graders. In 2020, students at a Massachusetts middle school began researching the conviction and the steps that would lead to her pardon. Consequently, a Democrat senator introduced a bill to clear her name. ',
  'A 19-year-old US woman accidentally shot her friend while using the laser sight of a hand gun to play with a cat, authorities said. According to a witness, the woman had been drinking when she picked up the gun and turned on the laser sight to "get the cat to chase it". The man was reportedly shot in the thigh. ',
  "A US woman with a prosthetic leg set a new world record for the 'fastest 100 miles on a treadmill' under Guinness World Records' new Impairment Records Initiative. Her left leg was amputated below the knee when she was involved in a motorcycle crash in 1994. The woman completed the 100 miles in 21 hours, 43 minutes and 29 seconds. ",
  "CCTV camera footage showed an Uber Eats driver urinating in a Liverpool-based couple's driveway after delivering their McDonald's order. The delivery rider arrived on a bicycle and relieved himself next to their car after handing over the package. Earlier this year, another UK customer complained on Twitter that an Uber Eats personnel had urinated at the corner of his house."],
 'miscellaneous': ["Happydent has launched #MakeADent contest in association with ETBrandEquity. The contest requires consumers to shoot a maximum one-minute video ad that throws light on social/civic issues taking from the brand's new positioning—Dikha Battissi, Kar Baat Achhi Si. Fifteen most creative ads chosen by Prasoon Joshi & Rajesh Ramakrishnan, MD, Perfetti Van Melle India will win ₹1 lakh each.",
  "cult.fit's newest launch, 'Choose to Lose', is a 4-week program that allows users to customize their workout routine in an effort to drive motivation and consistency. With a choice to pick between formats (dance, cardio, yoga, strength), intensity (beginner or intermediate) and meal plans (for PCOS and thyroid), this program aims to help you start your fat loss journey.",
  'Valvoline offers its customers a range of engine oils to help protect their vehicles. The company promises that its engine oils will enable your engines to unleash their true potential by getting the oil that\'s been innovating every day for 150 years. "No matter what you drive, trust the original to keep your engine up and running", said Valvoline.',
  'A video showing a confrontation between a cat and a leopard who fell into a well in Maharashtra\'s Nashik has gone viral online. The leopard fell while chasing the cat and is seen leaping out of the water as the cat defends itself. "The courage shown by the cat is quite something," said a Twitter user on the video.',
  'British High Commissioner to India Alex Ellis, who is currently in Maharashtra, shared a photo of himself enjoying vada pav. He can be seen posing against the backdrop of Gateway of India. "There\'s always time to have a vada pav in Mumbai- lai bhaari," he wrote in the caption of the post.',
  'A deep-sea creature with the body of a shark and the face of a pig was pulled out of the water by Italian naval officers. It was spotted on the naval vessel floating in the waters at the Darsena Medicea marina in Portoferraio. It was identified as an extremely rare Angular roughshark (Oxynotus centrina), sometimes known as a pig-faced shark.',
  'A video showing a dog paragliding with its owner has gone viral on social media. The dog and its owner were over Col du Granon, a famous mountain pass in France. "After only two months with me, I build a trust big enough between Ouka and me to bring him in the air with me," the owner wrote on Instagram.',
  "Jake Robinson, a 27-year-old hiker, escaped death after he survived a 230-feet fall from a mountain trail notoriously called 'Knife's Edge.' It's located in Snowdon's Crib Goch, considered to be UK's deadliest trail. He was rescued and eventually airlifted to hospital where he was examined for possible brain damage but was told by doctors he only sustained a sprained wrist.\n",
  'Ricky Greenhowe, a 47-year-old fisherman, caught a one-in-two-million blue lobster while he was fishing off a coast in Scotland\'s Aberdeen. "I have never seen one before, and I have been fishing since I was 14," he said. These crustaceans are coloured blue because of a genetic abnormality that causes them to produce more of a certain protein than others.',
  'A BBC correspondent was caught on live TV venting his frustration during a report on Afghanistan. In a video shared by Dan Johnson himself, he\'s heard saying, "This job man, this job!" Johnson, who was in India during the telecast, explained later that he assumed he was taken off-air after a power cut broke the line from London.',
  'A 33-year-old man in Kosovo swallowed a mobile phone and visited the hospital after four days to get it removed. The doctors managed to remove the mobile phone without cutting into the stomach. They took the phone out in three pieces with endoscopy. One of the doctors shared pictures of the X-ray and phone after it was removed.',
  "The completely uninhabited and private Isle of Càrn Deas on Scotland's west coast has gone on sale for over £50,000 (approximately ₹50.59 lakh). Although devoid of people, Càrn Deas has plenty of wildlife, including porpoises, dolphins, whales and basking sharks, a press release said. It has cliffs, coves, a shingle beach and surrounding waters which would allow watersports, it added.",
  "A Naples tobacco shop owner, who allegedly ran away with his customer's winning game ticket, was arrested at an airport in Rome. The man, accused of stealing the ticket worth €500,000 (₹4.35 crore), was trying to board a flight to the Canary Islands. He had allegedly snatched the ticket from an elderly woman who asked him to verify the win.",
  'The Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards has published over 40 images shortlisted for its 2021 competition. The entries include pictures of a laughing snake from India, a giggling seal, a monkey riding on a giraffe and a trio of strutting Gentoo penguins on the beaches of the Falkland Islands. Another picture showed a dragonfly appearing to be smiling at the camera.',
  'Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh on Wednesday cooked dinner for Olympic medalists, participants from the state and javelin thrower Neeraj Chopra. He said he started cooking from 11 am and continued till 5 pm. Singh shared a video of him serving food to them. The menu included mutton khara pishori, long elaichi chicken, aloo korma and dal masri. ',
  "Police took action against Russian blogger Danil Myasnikov and others after he shared a video of himself duct-taped to the side of a sports car speeding at 180kmph. The car's 27-year-old driver has been arrested and remanded in custody for five days over the incident. The group was fined by the authorities, according to local reports.",
  'Congress MP Shashi Tharoor took to Twitter to share a video of him singing Kishore Kumar\'s song \'Ek Ajnabee Haseena Se\' for members of the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information Technology. "Unrehearsed and amateur but do enjoy," he captioned his video. Lyricist Javed Akhtar jokingly trolled Tharoor\'s singing, and tweeted, "Wow! We have an almost similar song in Hindi too."',
  'Brazilian author Paulo Coelho tweeted a picture of an auto-rickshaw with his name on it in Kerala. He wrote, "Kerala, India (thank you very much for the photo)." A Twitter user wrote, "This tweet should reach the person who drives that auto." Another tweet read, "You\'ll be surprised to know the kind of following you have in Kerala."',
  "A video of a sanitation worker saving a boy in Brazil has got over 1.5 million views on Twitter. The video shows the boy running to cross a street, however, he fails to see a car approaching from behind a garbage truck. The sanitation worker jumps from the truck and pushes the boy out of harm's way just in time.",
  'A former Army Intelligence officer Captain Santhosh Kumar has launched efforts to save lakes in Anekal region of Bengaluru Urban district from encroachments. "The blatant environment violations in Anekal taluk make my blood boil. During my school days, I used to swim in these lakes," Kumar said. As part of his efforts, he also wrote to ex-Karnataka CM BS Yediyurappa. ',
  'Ludhiana-based restaurateur and chocolatier, Harjinder Singh Kukreja, has unveiled an eco-friendly Ganesha idol made from chocolate for the sixth consecutive year. It took a team of 10 chefs 10 days to prepare the Ganesha idol made from more than 200 kilograms of Belgian chocolate. The idol will be immersed in milk and chocolate milk will be distributed to underprivileged kids.',
  'The Mumbai Police on Saturday said the evacuation of people at Terminal 2 of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport this morning was a mock drill and asked everyone not to panic. "The terminal was continued to be declared safe with the drill completed at 11:48 hours," a statement read. Pictures of the evacuation also surfaced on social media. ',
  "The first-ever four feet idol of Mumbai's Lalbaugcha Raja, as opposed to the traditional nearly 15 feet tall idol, was unveiled on Friday. The idol was seen in the Vishnu avatar. Due to COVID-19 restrictions, devotees won't be allowed to visit the mandal. However, the online live darshan started today and will continue till 7:00 am on September 19. ",
  'The Ganesha idol at the Sri Satya Ganapathi Temple in JP Nagar, Bengaluru, has been decorated with raw bananas, corn, leaves and nine different kinds of flowers. "After three days of celebration, everything will be distributed among devotees, so that nothing goes to waste," the temple\'s trustee said. A COVID-19 vaccination camp has also been organised at the temple. ',
  'A woman from Jharkhand who went missing in Uttar Pradesh, where she had gone to work at a brick kiln, was rescued from Nepal after nearly 12 years. Reportedly, she was taken to Haryana from UP and then sent to Nepal. A tweet from a Nepal resident, confirming that she was staying at a Kathmandu ashram, helped in her rescue. '],
 'national': ["India has reported 28,591 cases and 338 deaths in the last 24 hours. The country saw daily cases falling below 30,000-mark after 19 days (25,467 cases on August 24). Kerala accounted for more than 71% of the new cases as it reported 20,487 cases and 181 deaths on Saturday. India's active cases reached 3,84,921, while death toll surged to 4,42,655.",
  'People who died at home or hospital within 30 days of testing COVID-19 positive will get death certificates showing cause of death due to COVID-19, the Centre told the Supreme Court. Further, a COVID-19 patient who is admitted to a hospital for more than 30 days and subsequently dies there will also be treated as a COVID-19 casualty.',
  "A 24-year-old national level ex-kho kho player was found dead on a railway track in Uttar Pradesh's Bijnor. The victim's body was spotted lying on the track by her neighbour. She had a dupatta tightened around her neck. As per post-mortem report, strangulation has been ascertained as the cause of death. Her family alleged she was also raped before murder.",
  'A teacher allegedly grabbed a Class 11 student and forcibly put cake on her face at a coaching centre in Uttar Pradesh\'s Rampur district. In a video of the incident, the teacher is allegedly saying, "Kaun bachayega? Aaya koi?" The police arrested the accused teacher after the video went viral online and registered a case under POCSO Act against him.',
  "A man in his 30s drowned after he allegedly slipped and fell into a waterlogged drain in Delhi's Narela. As per reports, he got trapped underneath a concrete slab in the drain due to heavy flow of water following incessant rainfall. After receiving information, rescue personnel reportedly pulled him out after cutting the slab, but he had already died.",
  'Over 20 fire tenders were pressed into service after a major fire broke out and gutted at least 12 warehouses at a godown in Kolkata\'s Garden Reach. "The warehouses contained highly combustible material...This caused the fire to spread rapidly," a fire official said. It took over five hours to control the blaze as occasional strong winds fanned it, officials stated.',
  "Arvind Kejriwal was elected as the National Convenor of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) for the third time in a row during the National Executive meeting on Sunday, as per reports. During the meeting, Pankaj Gupta was re-elected as the party's National Secretary and Narain Dass Gupta was re-elected as the National Treasurer.",
  "The Disaster Management Authority of Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) on Sunday reported a cloudburst in Kafarnar Bahak in the upper region of Baramulla district. As many as five members of the Bakarwal community from J&K's Rajouri district are missing in the incident, according to the authority. No casualties or injuries have been reported so far.",
  'BKU leader Rakesh Tikait and his supporters staged a sit-in protest on a waterlogged road at the farmers\' protest site at Delhi\'s Ghazipur border, where heavy rainfall reportedly damaged makeshift structures set up by farmer unions. "We\'ve been demanding that the drains going towards Delhi...be cleaned, but authorities concerned never paid heed to it," said BKU\'s media in-charge Dharmendra Malik.',
  'Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) National General Secretary Satish Chandra Misra on being questioned about BSP\'s stand on Opposition unity, said the party had "supported them (Congress) when it\'d 40-41 MPs altogether, but what did they do? They took away our MLAs in Rajasthan...[Himachal Pradesh and] a few other places". BSP will fight 2022 Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections alone, he asserted.',
  'Gujarat Congress chief Hardik Patel said that the resignation of CM Vijay Rupani is an attempt to "mislead" the people of the state. "With this, it has become clear that the BJP has failed miserably in its governance of the state...People\'s anger has led to a change in the CM...The real change...will come after the elections," Patel added.',
  'A pandal in Hyderabad has installed an eco-friendly Ganesh idol on a model of coronavirus vaccine vials to encourage people to get vaccinated. "[The] Ganesh deity is standing on three vaccines with two rats...The idol promotes registration on the Co-WIN portal," the organiser Sachin Chandan said. "I am very excited to see this pandal," a devotee said.',
  'Chief Justice of India (CJI) NV Ramana said on Saturday that good infrastructure for courts in India has been "neglected" after the British left. He added that courts operate from "dilapidated structures" and that such a situation is "severely detrimental to the experience of litigants and lawyers". He also again championed the need for a National Judicial Infrastructure Corporation. ',
  "An FIR has been registered against a housekeeping staffer of a residential society in Mumbai's Powai for allegedly dumping two-week-old kittens at a construction site. As per reports, the complaint was lodged by a woman, outside whose flat a community cat had been raising her two newborns. The accused has been booked under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.",
  'In a joint action by Pune traffic police and Regional Transport Office (RTO), around 3,000 violations by auto-rickshaw drivers were recorded in Pune in three days, police said. "On the first day, traffic police took 740 actions and RTO officials took 177. On the second day, traffic police had 1,237 cases and RTO officials had 224," DCP Rahul Shrirame said.',
  "A missing case has been filed after a 16-year-old boy from Hyderabad's Pahadishareef left his house over his father scolding him, police said on Saturday. The teenager, who was allegedly depressed over this, left a note behind saying that he was going on his own to live his life and asked his family to not search for him, police added.",
  'A case was registered against a woman and her 11 relatives on Saturday after her husband from Pune\'s Kothrud complained to a court and police. The husband claimed the woman would do "rituals"  in the house and wanted him to follow a godman\'s directions, a sub-inspector said. The husband is facing a case under the Indian Penal Code\'s Section 498(A).',
  'Imported dry fruits stored at the godown of integrated check post (ICP), Attari, have been damaged due to rain for the past two days. ICP management said that it\'s a "minor damage", while traders alleged losses worth ₹40 crore. Traders accused that the Land Ports Authority of India which manages the ICP paid "no attention" towards stored goods during rains.',
  "A 20-year-old engineering student who allegedly cheated off merchants by making them believe they'd received money through UPI payments has been arrested by Bengaluru police. The accused was caught after a jeweller, from whom he'd bought ornaments worth ₹1.06 lakh, filed a complaint. The accused had apparently also cheated off another vendor in Gandhinagar to buy a camera worth ₹42,000.",
  "The headmaster of a primary school in Uttar Pradesh's Ballia was suspended after video of students being made to clean the school was posted on social media, a senior official said. A detailed inquiry has been ordered and the Block Education Officer has been directed to submit the inquiry report within 15 days, Basic Shiksha Adhikari (BSA) Shivnarayan Singh said.",
  "The Himachal Pradesh government has started charging green tax from tourist vehicles entering Lahaul-Spiti from September 10. Two-wheeler riders will be charged ₹50, while ₹200 will be taken from cars, ₹300 from SUVs and MUVs and ₹500 from buses and trucks. Tax will be collected at a barrier set up at Sissu near Rohtang's Atal Tunnel.",
  'Five people have been arrested for the alleged theft of sandalwood in Bengaluru by the Gangamanagudi Police Station team, the city\'s Police Commissioner Kamal Pant said on Saturday. He added that 125 kg of sandalwood logs, multiple saws and other tools have been seized from the accused. "The accused...chopped sandalwood trees from Air Force Engineers Garrison Campus," he further said.',
  "A 13-year-old girl from Pune left her house without telling her family and was traced by the police in Mumbai, following which she was handed over to them. The girl apparently loves to wander around and write a book about it. Following a police investigation, it was found that the girl was at a hotel in Navi Mumbai's Kharghar.",
  'Two years after an alternate-day water supply system came into force in Pimpri-Chinchwad, the civic administration has decided to restore daily water supply to the area starting November. PCMC executive engineer said Pimpri-Chinchwad will get additional 100 million litres per day water from Andra dam from November. "Work on a jackwell in Talawade is nearing completion," PCMC Commissioner said.',
  "Three people were injured after a loosened slab made up of cement and concrete fell from the third floor of a dilapidated four-storey residential building in Thane on Sunday, civic officials said. All other occupants of the building have been shifted to safer places, said Thane Municipal Corporation's Deputy Commissioner Ashok Burpulle. Civic engineers will examine the building, he added."],
 'politics': ["Chhattisgarh CM Bhupesh Baghel's 86-year-old father Nand Kumar Baghel, who was arrested earlier this week for allegedly insulting the Brahmin community, got bail on Friday. His lawyer said Judicial Magistrate granted him bail after hearing arguments. Nand Kumar, who was sent to 15 days judicial custody, walked out of jail after three days. The next hearing is on September 21. ",
  'Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani resigned from the post on Saturday evening, ahead of the state Assembly elections next year. Rupani submitted his resignation to Gujarat Governor Acharya Devvrat and also thanked the BJP leadership for the opportunity to serve as Chief Minister. The 65-year-old was serving as Chief Minister of the state since 7 August 2016.',
  'BSP on Friday announced that it won\'t field jailed MLA Mukhtar Ansari, charged in over 50 criminal cases, as a candidate in the 2022 UP Assembly polls. BSP chief Mayawati said the party\'s efforts were to not field any "bahubali (muscleman) or mafia" in the upcoming election. BSP state president Bhim Rajbhar will be fielded from Mau instead, she said.',
  "BJP's Priyanka Tibrewal will contest against West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee in the bypoll for the Bhabanipur Assembly seat. The bypoll will be held on September 30, the Election Commission said, adding that votes will be counted on October 3. Mamata must win the bypoll to remain Chief Minister.",
  'Former US President Donald Trump, banned from Facebook till 2023, has hit out at the social media platform\'s CEO Mark Zuckerberg, saying, "He used to come to White House to kiss my a**." Trump said Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla used to have dinner with him at the White House, adding, "And then you see what they do about me...it\'s just...crazy."',
  'BJP leader and ex-minister Atmaram Tomar was found dead at his home in UP\'s Baghpat. "It seems he was strangled to death with a towel," Baghpat SP Neeraj Jadaun said. CCTV footage showed two men entering Tomar\'s house. His elder son Satya Pratap alleged that a money dispute between his father and father-in-law could be the motive behind the murder.',
  "Delhi BJP spokesperson Tajinder Pal Singh Bagga tweeted a video of him rowing a raft on a waterlogged road in the national capital, following heavy rain on Saturday. “I wanted to go rafting to Rishikesh this season but couldn’t due to COVID-19. But because of CM Arvind Kejriwal, I'm getting that experience in Delhi itself,” said Bagga in the video. ",
  'The Uttar Pradesh government has reclaimed nearly 170 acres of land of Mohammad Ali Jauhar University in Rampur, run by a trust headed by SP leader Azam Khan. "The High Court had rejected an appeal against the eviction process," an official said. In 2005, the SP government had enacted Mohammad Ali Jauhar University Act, leading to the university\'s creation. \n',
  'JD(U) MLC Neeraj Kumar on Friday tweeted a video alleging that RJD leader Tejashwi Yadav distributed cash among villagers. In the video, villagers can be seen folding their hands while receiving the money. A man can be heard introducing Yadav as former Bihar CM Lalu Prasad Yadav\'s son. "Nobody knows him....who is this arrogant prince?" Kumar wrote with the video. \n',
  'Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday urged AAP workers to not aspire for posts and tickets, instead prove their worth by working for society. “If you come to me asking for posts, it means you aren\'t deserving of it and you\'ve to demand it,” he said. He added the way Delhi government runs, "people feel AAP is the only hope". ',
  'Nawab Malik of NCP, the party which is a part of Maha Vikas Aghadi government in Maharashtra, on Saturday said a charge-sheet will be filed within time-frame in the Sakinaka rape case of Mumbai. He said there should be a punishment that warns people against committing such heinous crimes. The 30-year-old victim, who was raped and assaulted, died on Saturday. ',
  'Reacting to the resignation of Gujarat CM Vijay Rupani, Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee President Amit Chavda said that BJP is "hiding its failures" and making Rupani a "scapegoat". He added, "We knew that the state government in Gujarat was remote-controlled from Delhi...The government had failed in COVID-19 management...lakhs of youth are unemployed...and farmers are committing suicide."',
  'NCP chief Sharad Pawar said in an interview that Congress no longer holds "sway from Kashmir to Kanyakumari" like before. He also compared Congress with \'zamindars\' (landlords) who\'ve lost most of their land and are unable to maintain their \'havelis\' (mansions). "Zamindar...says all that land belongs to him. It was his once but doesn\'t belong to him now," he added.',
  'Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) National General Secretary Satish Chandra Misra on being questioned about BSP\'s stand on Opposition unity, said the party had "supported them (Congress) when it\'d 40-41 MPs altogether, but what did they do? They took away our MLAs in Rajasthan...[Himachal Pradesh and] a few other places". BSP will fight 2022 Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections alone, he asserted.',
  'Congress leader Rahul Gandhi, who\'s on a two-day visit to Jammu, on Friday accused the BJP and the RSS of "breaking the composite culture of Jammu and Kashmir". "The feeling of love, brotherhood, that exists amongst you all is being ruined by...people of BJP, RSS," Gandhi said. "BJP symbolises fear while Congress’s symbol means dar mat [don\'t fear]," he added.',
  'Chhattisgarh CM Bhupesh Baghel on Saturday alleged that the state witnessed the highest number of conversions when the BJP was in power. Baghel said, "[BJP] doesn\'t have issues like farmers\' issues, cows or tribals anymore...They are left only with issues of religious conversion." He added that his government will take strict action against anyone who\'s found responsible for such conversions.',
  'Former Congress President Rahul Gandhi on Friday said he is a Kashmiri Pandit, adding that he will help the community, which was forced to flee Kashmir in the 1990s due to militancy. "A delegation of Kashmiri Pandits told me that a promise of providing ₹25 lakh compensation has not been fulfilled yet," he said, criticising the BJP-led Centre. ',
  'Samyukta Kisan Morcha (SKM), a forum of multiple farmers organisations, on Friday asked political parties in Punjab to not hold rallies as it diverts attention from the farmers\' agitation and rather hold them after the elections are announced next year. "They\'ll face the music if they refuse...our appeal and it\'ll be considered as anti-farmer," a farm leader said.',
  'Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) leader Tejashwi Yadav said on Saturday that he has written a letter to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar asking him to make the birth or death anniversaries of former Union Ministers Dr Raghuvansh Prasad Singh and Ram Vilas Paswan state functions. Raghuvansh Prasad Singh and Ram Vilas Paswan had both passed away last year.',
  'Vikassheel Insaan Party (VIP) chief Mukesh Sahani said that Nishad Party chief Sanjay Nishad is "poison" for Dalits. Sahani added, "Sanjay Nishad has been misleading the Nishad community in Uttar Pradesh. He is not running a party but a business...He is not fighting for people but for money...He cannot be a true Nishad."',
  'Gujarat Congress chief Hardik Patel said that the resignation of CM Vijay Rupani is an attempt to "mislead" the people of the state. "With this, it has become clear that the BJP has failed miserably in its governance of the state...People\'s anger has led to a change in the CM...The real change...will come after the elections," Patel added.',
  'Asaduddin Owaisi-led AIMIM said it\'s ready to offer a ticket to jailed gangster-turned-politician Mukhtar Ansari in the 2022 UP elections, hours after BSP chief Mayawati announced she won\'t field any bahubali (muscleman). "Doors of AIMIM are open for him. We will give him a ticket and ensure his victory also," AIMIM spokesperson said. Ansari is the sitting MLA from Mau.\n',
  "Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra will take out a 12,000-kilometre-long 'Pratigya Yatra' ahead of the Assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh next year. The 'Congress Pratigya Yatra: Hum Vachan Nibhayenge' will cover almost all the cities and big villages of the state. This comes after a meeting of the Advisory and Strategy Committee of UP Congress in Lucknow on Friday.",
  'Launching the BJP\'s \'Booth Vijay Abhiyan\' virtually across 27,700 booths in Uttar Pradesh, BJP National President JP Nadda on Saturday said that BJP\'s grand victory is certain in UP. Nadda said, "Not only in UP but...return of BJP is certain in Uttarakhand, Goa and Manipur too." Nadda added that under PM Narendra Modi\'s leadership politics of "development" has become popular.'],
 'science': ["America's Rice University lab researchers have developed a 'smart shirt' that can measure the wearer's heart rate by using conductive nanotube thread. The nanotube fibres were sewed into athletic wear to monitor the heart rate and take a continual electrocardiogram of the wearer. The shirt was better at gathering data than a standard chest-strap monitor taking live measurements during experiments.",
  'A new \'C.1.2\' coronavirus variant has been detected in South Africa and its mutations are associated with "increased transmissibility", according to a non-peer-reviewed paper published about the variant. It shares a few common mutations with the Beta and Delta variants, but also has a number of additional mutations. Scientists suspect it might be able to partially evade the immune response.',
  'NASA conducted a test of an all-electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft with Joby Aviation in the US this week. The aircraft could serve as an "air taxi" and become another mode of transportation for moving people and goods, NASA said. This is the first time that NASA tested an eVTOL aircraft under its Advanced Air Mobility National Campaign.',
  "Elon Musk's SpaceX will launch its first all-civilian, non-governmental space mission called Inspiration4 on September 15 in Florida, US. Inspiration4 will orbit the Earth at 575 km, higher than the International Space Station (408 km), for three days and then splash down into the Atlantic Ocean. The mission will have four people onboard, including Shift4 Payments' billionaire CEO Jared Isaacman.",
  "NASA's Perseverance rover team has achieved its goal of successfully coring a Mars rock and the initial images downlinked after the event showed an intact sample present in the tube after coring. However, additional images taken after the arm completed sample acquisition were inconclusive due to poor sunlight conditions. This was Perseverance's second attempt to collect a rock sample.",
  "'Orca', the world's largest plant designed to capture carbon dioxide (CO2) out of the air, began operations in Iceland on Wednesday. Built by Switzerland's Climeworks and Iceland's Carbfix, it can capture 4,000 tonnes of CO2 per year. The plant mixes CO2 with water and injects it at a depth of 1,000 metres into the nearby basalt rock where it's mineralised.",
  "An experiment that hung rhinoceroses upside-down to see what effect it had on the animals is among this year's winners of the Ig Nobel Prizes, which are spoofs of Nobel Prizes and honour humourous scientific accomplishments. The rhinos were suspended using helicopters in Namibia. The winners were given paper trophies to assemble themselves and a counterfeit Zimbabwean $10 trillion note.",
  'American space agency NASA has shared pictures of the impact of the wind on the surface of Mars, captured by its Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter. "Beauty is everywhere," said NASA in its post on Instagram, adding, "The lines and colours in this photo...are almost reminiscent of an abstract painting!" A user commented on the post and said, "Painting of God."',
  'NASA confirmed that its Perseverance rover succeeded in collecting its first rock sample on Mars and referred to it as a "momentous achievement". The cored-rock sample, which has been stored in a titanium container tube, will be brought back to Earth on a future mission for closer study. The sample was collected on September 1, but NASA was initially unsure.',
  'Australian musk ducks can imitate sounds including human speech, with one bird recorded repeatedly saying a phrase that sounds like "you bloody fool", according to a new study published in the journal Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B. The vocalisation is most likely an imitation of a phrase the duck heard repeatedly from its caretaker, a researcher said.',
  "The world's largest plant that captures carbon dioxide directly from the air and deposits it underground will begin operations on Wednesday. Swiss startup Climeworks AG has partnered with Icelandic carbon storage firm Carbfix to develop a plant that sucks out up to 4,000 tonnes of CO2 per year. That's the equivalent of the annual emissions from about 790 cars.",
  'Russia\'s new space station will operate autonomously to a large extent, using artificial intelligence, as well as include extravehicular robots, IANS said citing TASS news agency\'s report. Russia wants to build a station whose efficiency factor will be "several orders of magnitude higher than that of the ISS", Russian space agency chief Dmitry Rogozin reportedly said.',
  'US startup Firefly Aerospace launched its first-ever orbital rocket, Alpha, on September 2 but the vehicle suffered an issue a couple minutes into ascent and exploded in the sky. "Alpha experienced an anomaly during first stage ascent that resulted in the loss of the vehicle," the startup said. The mission carried a number of payloads.',
  'IIT Jodhpur has launched an initiative, called DESIGNS, to conserve and restore the Thar desert, its minerals, medicines, flora and fauna. Under this initiative, the researchers will use IOT enabled devices and Big Data analytics framework to crowd source observations from the local ecosystem to the regional level keeping the cultural context and traditional medicine knowledge in perspective.',
  "China has developed a prototype miniature helicopter for future Mars missions. The prototype of 'Mars cruise drone' passed a final acceptance review on August 20, the National Space Science Center (NSSC) under the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) announced. As per the image released, the prototype sports two rotor blades, a sensor-and-camera base and four legs.",
  'Astronomers have captured the "sharpest and most detailed images" yet of the "dog-bone" asteroid Kleopatra using European Southern Observatory\'s telescope. They used images of the asteroid taken between 2017-2019 to create the most accurate 3D models of its shape to date. In 2008, it was discovered that Kleopatra is orbited by two moons, named AlexHelios and CleoSelene.',
  'China could use two modified versions of existing Long March 5 rocket to land humans on the Moon by 2030, media reports said citing Hong Kong-based HK01. One of the rockets could launch a lunar lander into orbit around the Moon, and the second would send the crew to meet it. The crew would then transfer to the lander.',
  'University of Sussex physicists have found that black holes exert a pressure on their environment, in a scientific first. Researchers revealed they found an extra figure that was presenting in equations that they were running on quantum gravitational corrections to the entropy of a black hole. They eventually found that quantum gravity can lead to a pressure in black holes.\n',
  'Researchers have completed the "first-ever" map of the world\'s tropical, shallow coral reefs using two million satellite images from across the globe. The Allen Coral Atlas gives users the ability to see detailed information about local reefs, including different types of submarine structures like sand and rocks. It also provides imagery to a depth of 15 metres into the water.',
  'A University of Auckland study claims to have found evidence of tool use by a kea for the purpose of self-care. The study uses observations of a disabled kea, Bruce, in Christchurch, who has overcome his disability by using pebbles to preen himself. This is reportedly the first scientific observation of a parrot using a pebble for self-care.',
  'A smoke alarm was activated in a Russian service module on the International Space Station, the Russian space agency Roscosmos said on Thursday. Russian cosmonaut Oleg Novitsky had seen and smelled smoke and French astronaut Thomas Pesquet said the smell of burnt plastic or electronics had spread from the Russian segment to the US section, media reports said.',
  "Leaded petrol's use has officially ended globally, which will prevent over 1.2 million premature deaths and save $2.45 trillion a year, the UNEP announced. Algeria, the last country to use the fuel, stopped selling it in its petrol stations in July. The fuel has contaminated air, dust, soil, drinking water and food crops for the better part of a century.",
  "ISRO and IISc, Bengaluru, researchers have developed a modular, self-contained device to cultivate microorganisms to enable scientists to carry out biological experiments in outer space. It uses an LED and photodiode sensor combination to track bacterial growth, and has separate compartments or 'cassettes' for different experiments. Data from each cassette is collected and stored independently.",
  "The IUCN Red List update has revealed that 37% of the world's sharks and rays are now threatened with extinction primarily due to overfishing, compounded by loss and degradation of habitat and climate change. Besides this, the Komodo dragon has moved from Vulnerable to Endangered. The IUCN list now includes 1.38 lakh species of which 38,543 are threatened with extinction.",
  'A team of researchers, including those from University of Sydney, has found that female octopuses sometimes throw silt at males making unwanted mating attempts. Researchers recorded an instance where a female threw silt at a male individual 10 times. The researchers were able to see that the female octopuses engaged in object-throwing for multiple purposes. '],
 'sports': ["Great Britain's 18-year-old tennis player Emma Raducanu defeated Canada's 19-year-old Leylah Annie Fernandez in the US Open women's singles final to win her maiden Grand Slam title. The world number 150 won the match with a scoreline of 6-4, 6-3 in one hour and 51 minutes. Raducanu is the first-ever qualifier to win a Grand Slam title.",
  "A dog invaded the pitch during the Women's All-Ireland T20 Cup semi-final match between Bready and CSNI on Saturday. In a video that has gone viral, the dog can be seen grabbing the ball and running with it following a missed run-out attempt. The dog evaded fielders before running towards the non-striker's end, where an official retrieved the ball.",
  'The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) have written to ICC to start the adjudication process to decide the status of the fifth and final Test between England and India. The Test was cancelled hours before the scheduled start of play in Manchester on Friday amid COVID-19 fears. India were leading the five-match series 2-1.\n',
  "India's 22-year-old racing driver Jehan Daruvala won the second Sprint Race of the FIA Formula 2 championship in Monza on Saturday. It is Jehan's second Formula 2 race win of his career and first of this season. He had become the first Indian to win a Formula 2 race during the Sakhir Grand Prix in December last year.",
  'India head coach Ravi Shastri reacted to people linking his London book launch event to the COVID-19 outbreak in the team, which led to the cancellation of the fifth Test in Manchester. Shastri, who didn\'t travel to Manchester from London after being tested COVID-19 positive, said, "The whole country [United Kingdom] is open. Anything could have happened from Test One."',
  "A Swiss bodybuilder offered to kill late NBA legend Kobe Bryant's rape accuser for $3 million in 2003, a newly released 17-page FBI report revealed. The bodybuilder had sent a letter to Bryant making the offer after which Bryant's security team and attorney contacted the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department. The bodybuilder was then arrested by the FBI.\n",
  "Great Britain's 18-year-old Emma Raducanu won US Open women's singles title, becoming the first-ever qualifier to win a tennis Grand Slam. Coming into US Open, Raducanu's career prize money stood at $303,376. She received $2.5-million prize money for winning the US Open title. Meanwhile, Canada's 19-year-old Leylah Annie Fernandez, who lost the final, received $1.25-million prize money.",
  'Ex-Afghanistan captain Asghar Afghan responded to Tim Paine for suggesting teams should boycott Afghanistan if Taliban won\'t allow women to play cricket. "You should refrain from delivering aggressive statements which would result in isolating Afghan cricket," Asghar said. He added sports should be separated from politics. He further said Afghanistan have the right to play in all ICC tournaments.',
  'A banner supporting a woman who accused footballer Cristiano Ronaldo of rape was flown over Old Trafford during his first match after return to Manchester United. A plane with the banner "Believe Kathryn Mayorga" was flown five minutes into Manchester United’s match against Newcastle on Saturday. Mayorga is trying to pursue a civil claim after the criminal complaint was dismissed.',
  "India's 1983 World Cup-winning captain Kapil Dev said that he has always been of the opinion that once a cricketer retires, he should come back to the setup only after three-four years. He added MS Dhoni's appointment as Team India mentor a year after his retirement seems like a special case. He further said that it is a good decision.",
  'Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma took to Instagram to share a picture of himself with his wife Ritika and daughter Samaira after their arrival in the UAE for IPL 2021. Rohit reached UAE today from UK a day after the cancellation of the fifth England-India Test in Manchester. Rohit captioned the picture, "Back home."',
  "A 24-year-old national level ex-kho kho player was found dead on a railway track in Uttar Pradesh's Bijnor. The victim's body was spotted lying on the track by her neighbour. She had a dupatta tightened around her neck. As per post-mortem report, strangulation has been ascertained as the cause of death. Her family alleged she was also raped before murder.",
  'Talking about starting women\'s IPL, India Women batter Jemimah Rodrigues said, "Don\'t televise it, at least, start it off." "People might be thinking \'what if it doesn\'t work out?\' \'What if it\'s not as good as it\'s expected to be?\' and that\'s why they are holding it back...obviously we want the women\'s T20 challenge to happen," she added.\n',
  'Delhi Capitals\' batsman Shikhar Dhawan, who\'s the highest run-scorer in IPL 2021 with 380 runs in eight matches, has said they were in a "certain flow", winning six games in the first half, and it was broken once the tournament was suspended. "So we\'ve to rebuild our energy...[but] Shreyas Iyer is back...so our team is even stronger now," he added. ',
  'Talking about mental health, Indian tennis player Sania Mirza said that people sometimes forget that athletes are regular humans too. She added that athletes also feel the pressure of many things mentally, not just physically. Earlier, tennis player Naomi Osaka, England cricketer Ben Stokes and American gymnast Simone Biles withdrew from their respective events to prioritise their mental health.',
  'Ahead of second leg of IPL, Royal Challengers Bangalore (RCB) opener Devdutt Padikkal said he\'s hopeful that 2021 is their year to win the title. "We have a good squad and we have got good replacements as well so we look ready for the challenge," he added. RCB have made four replacements for the season, the most by any team. ',
  'Talking about Jasprit Bumrah\'s performance in the Oval Test, former India pacer Ashish Nehra said Bumrah took the batsmen-friendly pitch out of the equation by using variations. "You saw the yorkers for sure but in [his] spell, he used the bouncers also...He plays with the batsman\'s mind, that is why...[he gives] such performances in Test cricket repeatedly," Nehra added. ',
  'Commentator Aakash Chopra has said there\'s a pattern in Team India vice-captain Ajinkya Rahane\'s dismissals in the Test series against England. "He got the outside edge many times and in the end the ball hit his pad as well...and I think both are not totally disconnected," Aakash stated. Rahane scored 109 runs in his seven innings in the four Tests. ',
  'SunRisers Hyderabad have signed West Indies batsman Sherfane Rutherford as the replacement for opener Jonny Bairstow for the second leg of IPL 2021, starting on September 19. Rutherford, who has played six T20Is for the West Indies, is currently playing in the ongoing 2021 Caribbean Premier League, where he has scored 202 runs in his seven innings. ',
  'Ex-Australia captain Ian Chappell has said India\'s best playing XI combination includes Ravichandran Ashwin. Chappell further said India may have found the balance between the right-hand and left-hand batters with Ravindra Jadeja at number five position. "The other piece required to complete the puzzle is a seam-bowling all-rounder...ideal player would be a fully fit Hardik Pandya," he added. ',
  'Former Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq has said that it\'s "wrong" to say that India pulled out of the fifth Test against England despite having their players testing negative for COVID-19 as it\'s difficult to play without a coach and supporting staff. "India [played] the fourth Test as well without their coach and support staff...It was a great series," Inzamam stated. ',
  'Recalling his unbeaten 69 in second ODI against Sri Lanka which helped India take a 2-0 lead in three-match series, pacer Deepak Chahar said ex-captain MS Dhoni messaged him for his batting and said "very well played". Chasing 276-run target, Chahar and Bhuvneshwar Kumar (19*) added 84 runs for the eighth wicket. Chahar also took two wickets in the match.',
  'Ex-Pakistan cricketer Salman Butt has called the upcoming T20 World Cup a "great opportunity" for India batsman Suryakumar Yadav to "announce himself at the grand stage". "If [youngsters] are able to win games for their team in the World Cup...Their careers get launched on a very high note," he added. Suryakumar has two fifties in his three T20I innings. ',
  "The Table Tennis Federation of India has formed a five-member panel to examine the allegations made by India's top woman paddler Manika Batra against national coach Soumyadeep Roy. The panel will submit its report in six weeks. Manika had alleged that Roy asked her to throw a match against his student during Olympic qualifiers in March.",
  'Delhi Capitals have shared pictures of their Indian players who arrived in UAE on Sunday from the UK following the cancellation of the fifth England-India Test. "The players, Rishabh Pant, Ravichandran Ashwin, Prithvi Shaw, Ajinkya Rahane, Axar Patel, Ishant Sharma and Umesh Yadav underwent COVID-19 tests upon arrival in Dubai," DC tweeted. All players will serve a six-day hard quarantine. '],
 'startup': ['India\'s Ministry of Heavy Industries has reportedly told Elon Musk-led Tesla that the government cannot favour a reduction in import duties based only on an "intent to invest" as it\'ll be unfair to existing players. The ministry told Tesla to first begin local assembly operations of its electric cars in India and thereafter scale it to full-fledged manufacturing, reports said.',
  'A Tesla Model S Plaid has set a new "world speed record for a production electric car" at 7 minutes 30 seconds at Germany\'s famous Nürburgring racetrack, CEO Elon Musk said on Twitter. He said the car used was "completely unmodified, directly from factory". The Tesla beat Porsche Taycan Turbo\'s record of 7 minutes and 42 seconds by 12 seconds.',
  "Edtech startup Cuemath on Thursday said that it has appointed Swiggy's former Chief Operating Officer (COO) Vivek Sunder as its CEO. Sunder will be responsible for the company's overall business and its global expansion as the CEO, the company said. Cuemath's Founder Manan Khurma will become the Chairman and both appointments will be effective from October 1, it added.",
  'Paytm Founder and CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma said, "India must review long due demand of Indian developers and force Google\'s Play store to allow other payment systems in Android apps." Sharma\'s statement came in response to a ruling in Epic Games\' lawsuit against Apple. A US judge ruled that Apple can\'t force developers to use its payment system in apps.',
  "The Chinese government has asked technology companies including Alibaba and Tencent to stop blocking each other's website links, Reuters reported citing a newspaper. The IT ministry proposed standards to companies for instant messaging services, telling them all platforms must be unblocked by a certain time. It said it may resort to other measures if the firms do not comply.",
  'Chinese content platforms have agreed to enforce more self-discipline and pledged to promote only "healthy" content with positive values and stop encouraging "false hype". They\'ll restrict those that spread baseless gossip or stir up conflicts between fan groups, the China Association of Performing Arts said. This comes after China cracked down on what it called a "chaotic" celebrity fan culture.',
  'Zerodha CEO Nithin Kamath said cryptocurrency could disrupt new-age online brokers or even exchanges. "While crypto is still small in India, we\'re in...similar situation as the US, a few years back. The regulatory fear doesn\'t allow regulated platforms to offer crypto. Eventually, if the status quo on regulations continues, traders can move away and disrupt the broking industry," he added.',
  'After Amazon said that companies led by billionaire Elon Musk believe that "rules are for other people", SpaceX replied saying, "Despite its theatrics, Amazon does not identify a single fact, figure or scintilla of data that SpaceX omitted from its application." It added, "Another week, another objection from Amazon...yet still no sign of progress on Amazon\'s own long-rumoured satellite system."',
  'Tesla CEO Elon Musk has asked his employees to go "super hardcore" to "ensure a decent Q3 delivery number," Reuters reported. "The end of quarter delivery wave is unusually high this time, as we suffered...from...severe parts shortages earlier this quarter," he reportedly said. He added Tesla built "a lot of cars with missing parts that needed to be added later".',
  "Edtech startup Lido Learning has raised $10 million in a round led by Ronnie Screwvala's Unilazer Ventures. It has reportedly raised $20 million to date from investors such as Alibaba-backed BAce Ventures, Vijay Shekhar Sharma, Mukesh Bansal, Anupam Mittal and Ananth Narayanan, among others. Lido Learning was founded by former BYJU'S VP Sahil Sheth.",
  'Flipkart on Thursday said it has strengthened its supply chain network with the addition of four new facilities at Sanpka, Yakubpur, Kulana, and Rewari in Haryana. It will create additional 12,000 direct and indirect jobs in the state, Flipkart added. "More than 13,000 sellers from the state will get augmented support to reach lakhs of new customers nationally," it said.',
  'Virgin Galactic has announced that its next test flight "Unity 23" with the Italian Air Force has been delayed. A potential manufacturing defect in a component of the flight control actuation system, which is supplied by a third-party, caused the delay. The company also attributed the delay to the pending resolution of a probe by the US FAA.\n',
  "Spacetech startup Skyroot Aerospace has entered into an agreement with the Department of Space for access to ISRO facilities and expertise towards the development and testing of subsystems/systems of space launch vehicles. The Framework MoU will enable Skyroot to avail ISRO's technical expertise. Skyroot has reportedly become the first private company to formally enter into an agreement with ISRO.",
  "Mumbai-based digital freight network Freight Tiger has raised $6.5 million led by Florintree Infra. The funding also saw participation from OYO CEO Ritesh Agarwal's Aroa Ventures, and existing investors Lightspeed India Partners, Moonstone Investments and Pawan Munjal Family Trust. Freight Tiger reportedly has over 300 shippers and 4,000 transport companies on its platform.",
  "Indian startups raised a total of $317 million across 37 deals in venture funding in the second week of September, YourStory reported. Comparatively, total venture funding into Indian startups stood at $82 million in the previous week. Key deals of the week included logistics unicorn Delhivery's $76.4 million fundraise and study-abroad platform Leap's $55 million Series C round of funding.",
  'Digital payments company Stripe is in early discussions with investment banks about going public as soon as next year, Bloomberg reported. The 11-year-old startup, which was last valued at $95 billion after raising $600 million in March, is the most valuable US startup, according to CB Insights. The company would be among the biggest private companies to ever go public.',
  "New Delhi-based consumer electronics brand 'boAt' is planning to raise ₹3,500 crore in IPO next year which could value it at about ₹11,000 crore, The Economic Times reported. It is already in talks with investment bankers regarding the IPO. The startup is expected to file the draft red herring prospectus in a couple of months.",
  "BigBasket's founders Hari Menon, Vipul Parekh, and VS Sudhakar have received management stock options from the Tata Group, Economic Times reported. This comes after Tata Digital acquired a majority stake in the online grocery delivery startup. Supermarket Grocery Supplies, online B2B arm of BigBasket, has also received nearly ₹85 crore from existing investor UK-based CDC Group, the report added.",
  'New York University professor Aswath Damodaran told Business Today he would prefer to have Paytm over Ola in his portfolio. "The ride-sharing business is a disaster around the world. They have figured out how to grow but not how to make money," Damodaran said. "If I can get Paytm at right price, I would prefer to have that," he added.',
  'B2B e-commerce startup udaan on Friday announced the appointment of its Co-founder Vaibhav Gupta as CEO. The other Co-founders, Amod Malviya and Sujeet Kumar, will support the effective functioning of a "CEO-led organisation", it said. "[The move] is also in line with the evolution needed for udaan to become a publicly listed entity over the next 18-24 months," udaan added.',
  'Media technology company Amagi announced that it has raised over $100 million in funding from Accel, Avataar Ventures, Norwest Venture Partners, and Premji Invest. As part of the deal, Emerald Media (an investment platform backed by KKR) and Mayfield Fund have exited the company. Amagi, which provides cloud broadcast and targeted advertising software, has raised $150 million funding to date.',
  "Bengaluru-based home interior solutions platform HomeLane has raised over ₹367 crore ($50 million) in Series E funding round led by IIFL AMC's Late Stage Tech Fund, Oman India Joint Investment Fund and Stride Ventures. Its existing investors including Pidilite, Evolvence, NuVentures, Sequoia and Accel also participated in the round. HomeLane has now raised over ₹765 crore to date.",
  'Uber Eats, DoorDash and GrubHub have sued New York City over a law permanently capping commissions they can charge restaurants. They are seeking an injunction that would prevent New York from enforcing the fee-cap ordinance adopted last month. They also called the legislation unconstitutional as "it interferes with freely negotiated contracts between platforms and restaurants".\n',
  "Cathie Wood's ARK Invest sold over 180,000 shares worth around $139 million on Wednesday and Thursday, Bloomberg reported citing daily trade reports. Tesla shares have rallied over the past three weeks, adding $75 billion to its market value. Earlier this year, ARK Invest estimated that Tesla's stock price will hit $3,000 by 2025, pegging the market valuation at $3 trillion.",
  'Edtech startup OckyPocky has raised an undisclosed sum from Udaan Co-founder and CEO Sujeet Kumar and SucSeed Indovation Fund as part of its seed round. Founded by former YouTube executive and IIM Bangalore alumnus Amit Agrawal, OckyPocky offers English courses for kids and claims to conduct live classes for over 5,000 students across over 100 Indian cities.'],
 'technology': ['Apple has said that exposing iPhones to high amplitude vibrations, specifically those generated by high-power motorcycle engines, can degrade the performance of the camera system. "It\'s not recommended to attach your iPhone to motorcycles with high-power or high-volume engines," Apple said, recommending a vibration dampening mount for vehicles with small-volume or electric engines like scooters.',
  "WhatsApp on Friday said it would extend encryption on the messaging service for backups of chats shared on the platform when they are stored on Apple and Google's cloud services. It will be released as an optional feature in the coming weeks. WhatsApp users will have to create a password or use a 64-digit encryption key to access the backup.",
  "Shares of Apple fell 3.3% and erased nearly $85 billion from its market capitalisation on Friday after a US judge's ruling in 'Fortnite' creator Epic Games' antitrust lawsuit against Apple. The judge ruled that Apple can't prohibit developers from providing payment links that direct users away from its in-app purchasing system. Apple's stock suffered its biggest decline since May 4.",
  'A US judge on Friday said \'Fortnite\' creator Epic Games failed to prove that Apple is an "illegal monopolist". The court noted that Apple may enjoy 55% market share but "success isn\'t illegal". However, the judge ruled that Apple engaged in "anticompetitive conduct" by not allowing developers to notify their customers of payment links outside of Apple\'s in-app purchasing system.',
  "The US ruling on in-app purchasing could cost Apple a few billion dollars annually, Bloomberg reported. The report also cited a longtime Apple watcher who put the range of loss at $1 billion to $4 billion, depending on how many developers take advantage of the new policy. A US judge ruled that Apple can't force developers to use in-app purchasing.",
  'Civil Aviation Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia on Saturday launched the Medicine From the Sky project aimed at transporting medicines, vaccines and other essential products to remote areas using drones in Telangana. The project will be taken up on a pilot basis in 16 green zones in Telangana and later scaled up on the national level based on data, Scindia said.',
  "A US judge on Friday issued a ruling in 'Fortnite' creator Epic Games' antitrust lawsuit against Apple. The court ordered that Apple cannot prohibit developers from providing buttons or links in their apps that direct customers away from Apple's in-app purchasing system. It also found Epic Games in breach of its contract with Apple and ordered it to pay damages.",
  'Former US President Donald Trump, banned from Facebook till 2023, has hit out at the social media platform\'s CEO Mark Zuckerberg, saying, "He used to come to White House to kiss my a**." Trump said Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla used to have dinner with him at the White House, adding, "And then you see what they do about me...it\'s just...crazy."',
  'India\'s Ministry of Heavy Industries has reportedly told Elon Musk-led Tesla that the government cannot favour a reduction in import duties based only on an "intent to invest" as it\'ll be unfair to existing players. The ministry told Tesla to first begin local assembly operations of its electric cars in India and thereafter scale it to full-fledged manufacturing, reports said.',
  'The Delhi High Court has ruled that marriages can be registered in the virtual presence of parties as citizens cannot be prevented from exercising their rights because of a rigid interpretation of a law that calls for "personal presence". It added, with this the process of marriage registration will become easier. Video conferencing has almost become the norm, it said. ',
  'Volkswagen CEO Herbert Diess told Der Spiegel that the company is considering partnerships with other carmakers to develop software. He did not rule out cooperation with competitors such as BMW or Daimler. "If Europe loses data sovereignty in the car, then we will make ourselves completely dependent on high-tech companies from USA or China," Diess warned.',
  'Salesforce has offered to relocate employees and their families if they are concerned about the ability to access reproductive care as Texas\' abortion ban goes into effect. CNBC reported on the development citing messages the firm sent to the employees. "These are incredibly personal issues that...impact many of us- especially women," the firm reportedly said in its messages.',
  'Epic Games CEO Tim Sweeney, while reacting to Apple\'s comments on US judge\'s in-app purchasing ruling, said the ruling isn\'t a win for developers or consumers. "Epic is fighting for fair competition among in-app payment methods and app stores for a billion consumers," he added. Apple had said the court "affirmed" that its store isn\'t in violation of antitrust law.',
  'Paytm Founder and CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma said, "India must review long due demand of Indian developers and force Google\'s Play store to allow other payment systems in Android apps." Sharma\'s statement came in response to a ruling in Epic Games\' lawsuit against Apple. A US judge ruled that Apple can\'t force developers to use its payment system in apps.',
  'Apple CEO Tim Cook on the 20th anniversary of 9/11 terrorist attacks said, "20 years ago, we were irrevocably changed." "We\'ll never forget those we lost or the heroic efforts of first responders and everyday Americans on that terrible day," Cook wrote. He said "the sacrifices of those who were called to service in...years that followed" will not be forgotten.',
  'Chinese content platforms have agreed to enforce more self-discipline and pledged to promote only "healthy" content with positive values and stop encouraging "false hype". They\'ll restrict those that spread baseless gossip or stir up conflicts between fan groups, the China Association of Performing Arts said. This comes after China cracked down on what it called a "chaotic" celebrity fan culture.',
  'Microsoft has acquired US-based online and in-person tutoring platform TakeLessons for an undisclosed sum. TakeLessons said it expects it will continue to be called TakeLessons and that the "large majority of all instructors will remain on the platform". The platform\'s investors include Crosslink Capital, Moore Venture Partners, SoftTech VC and Triangle Peak Partners.',
  "Italy's data protection authority has asked Facebook to provide clarifications over its newly launched smart glasses to assess whether the product is compliant with privacy laws. It said that it wanted to be informed on measures Facebook has put in place to protect people occasionally filmed. The smart glasses allow wearers to take calls or capture photos and short videos.",
  'Six US Senators have called on the EEOC to probe Amazon\'s treatment of pregnant warehouse employees. "Between 2015 and 2019, former Amazon employees filed at least seven lawsuits alleging that Amazon wrongfully terminated them during their pregnancies," the Senators said. Amazon also failed to protect pregnant workers from physically strenuous tasks that may threaten their health, they added.',
  "The Chinese government has asked technology companies including Alibaba and Tencent to stop blocking each other's website links, Reuters reported citing a newspaper. The IT ministry proposed standards to companies for instant messaging services, telling them all platforms must be unblocked by a certain time. It said it may resort to other measures if the firms do not comply.",
  'Delhi Power Minister Satyendar Jain on Friday inaugurated the city\'s first urban microgrid (Solar + Battery) system in Delhi\'s Malviya Nagar. The system, which has a cost of around ₹5.5 crore, will save 115 tonnes of carbon dioxide annually. "This is a great innovation in...power sector and we\'re looking forward to [replicating] this technology on a larger scale," Jain tweeted.',
  'Civil Aviation Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia, during the launch of "Medicine From the Sky" project, said that he hopes to see India becoming the drone capital by 2030. "Air taxi and sky taxi are the future of drones," Scindia added. "There\'s a possibility that similar to taxis running on the road, we see taxis in the air," Scindia said last month.',
  'After Amazon said that companies led by billionaire Elon Musk believe that "rules are for other people", SpaceX replied saying, "Despite its theatrics, Amazon does not identify a single fact, figure or scintilla of data that SpaceX omitted from its application." It added, "Another week, another objection from Amazon...yet still no sign of progress on Amazon\'s own long-rumoured satellite system."',
  'Google submitted user data to the Hong Kong government last year despite having pledged not to process such requests from authorities, the Hong Kong Free Press reported citing its report. It complied with three of 43 government requests received between July-December 2020. One request was for an emergency disclosure involving a credible threat to life, while others involved human trafficking.'],
 'world': ['American health agency Centers for Disease Control (CDC) on Friday said unvaccinated individuals are 11 times more likely to die due to COVID-19 as compared to vaccinated people, as per a new study. Unvaccinated individuals are over 10 times more likely to be hospitalised and 4.5 times more likely to be infected, the study which tracked 6,00,000 American people, said.',
  'Manipur-based brother of Jupiter Yambem, who was killed in the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Centre in US, said, "I called Jupiter [after the attacks]. The phone kept ringing. They found his body four days later." "New York was his playground," he added. Yambem was on 107th floor of the North Tower when it was struck by the plane.',
  "At the inaugural India-Australia two-plus-two dialogue, both countries asserted that Afghanistan must not allow its soil to be used for terrorism and it shouldn't become a safe haven for terrorists. India's S Jaishankar and Rajnath Singh had a detailed discussion with Australia's Marise Payne and Peter Dutton. Jaishankar said there are concerns about women's treatment by the Taliban. ",
  'Al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri, rumoured to be dead, was seen in a new video released on the 20th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. US-based SITE Intelligence Group, which tracks the online activity of jihadist groups, reported that al-Zawahiri spoke on a number of issues, including a raid on a Russian military base in Syria and US withdrawal from Afghanistan.',
  "A video has emerged online showing a group of Taliban militants beheading an Afghan soldier before celebrating by holding his severed head up by the air. As per the Washington Examiner, the video was shared on a private online group chat used by Taliban. In the clip, militants can also be heard praising the Taliban's leader Hibatullah Akhundzada.",
  'Afghan pop star Aryana Sayeed, who escaped Kabul after the Taliban takeover, said, "I made my fiancé promise me something...I said \'Hasib, the only request I\'m going to make...is if I\'m about to be taken away alive just shoot me in the head." "That was the only thing I was scared of. I wasn\'t scared of dying," she added.',
  'Hundreds of Afghan women covered from head-to-toe marched in Kabul on Saturday in support of the Taliban. They were seen holding banners and being escorted by armed Taliban militants. "The last government [was] misusing women. They were recruiting women just by their beauty," a woman said, according to AFP, while another woman stated, "Women will be safe after this."',
  'Taliban raised its flag on Afghan presidential palace as the US marked the 20th anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks on Saturday. A Taliban official told AP News that the group raised their flag in a brief ceremony. This comes after the group seized control over Afghanistan last month after the US announced withdrawal of its troops from the country.',
  'Former US President George W Bush, in a recently-released documentary, revealed he thought the first plane attack on World Trade Center in 2001, was a "pilot error". "I couldn\'t imagine anything other than a lousy pilot getting loose," said Bush, who was interacting with school children at the time. He was told "America\'s under attack" after the second plane crash.',
  'US President Joe Biden on Saturday attended a ceremony at the September 11 Memorial in New York to mark the 20th anniversary of the terrorist attacks. Biden will also visit other sites of 9/11 attacks in Pennsylvania and the Pentagon in Virginia. "We must never forget those we lost during one of the darkest moments in our history," Biden tweeted.',
  'Photos of British soldier Sergeant Andy Livingstone cradling an exhausted Afghan mother\'s two-week-old baby on a rescue flight out of Kabul went viral online. "The only thing I could think of...was plead with the family to let me take the baby, just so she could have enough sleep to gain a little bit more energy," the 31-year-old said.',
  'Ex-US President George W Bush spoke about the threat of domestic terrorism on Saturday during a speech to mark the 20th anniversary of 9/11 terror attacks. "We\'ve seen growing evidence that...dangers to our country can come, not only across borders, but from violence that gathers within," he added. Bush also called for unity amid growing political division in the US.',
  'On the 20th anniversary of 9/11 terror attacks, a picture showing former White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card informing then President George W Bush about the second plane striking the World Trade Centre has resurfaced. Bush was in a classroom with school students when Card whispered to him, "A second plane hit the second tower, America is under attack."',
  "Twenty years after hijacked airliners smashed into New York City's World Trade Center and the Pentagon, Americans gathered on Saturday to honour the nearly 3,000 lives lost on September 11, 2001. After a first responder struck a silver bell, the ceremony at the September 11 Memorial began with a moment of silence. Relatives also read aloud names of the victims.",
  'Ahmad Massoud, the leader of the resistance forces in Panjshir, is still in Afghanistan but 70% of the main streets in Panjshir are under the control of Taliban, Iranian news agency Fars reported. It said that Massoud is said to be in a safe place. Taliban earlier said it captured Panjshir, a claim denied by the National Resistance Front (NRF).',
  'US Marine Sergeant Johanny Rosario, one of the last American service members killed in Afghanistan, returned to her hometown in Massachusetts in a casket on Saturday. Rosario, 25, was among 13 US service members killed in suicide bombing outside Kabul airport on August 26. She was helping to screen evacuees at a checkpoint at the airport when the blast occurred. ',
  "As many as 15-20 villagers, including several teenagers, have reportedly been killed in Myanmar's deadliest fighting since July between troops of the ruling military government and resistance forces, reports said on Friday. The fighting began in the Magway region on Thursday after a call for a nationwide uprising was issued by the resistance organisation National Unity Government.",
  "White House on Friday said that US President Joe Biden will receive a COVID-19 booster shot once it's widely available. The US had allowed certain immunocompromised individuals to receive the third dose of COVID-19 vaccines in August with a wider use planned from September 20. Notably, this comes after the WHO called for a moratorium on booster doses until year-end. ",
  'Apple CEO Tim Cook on the 20th anniversary of 9/11 terrorist attacks said, "20 years ago, we were irrevocably changed." "We\'ll never forget those we lost or the heroic efforts of first responders and everyday Americans on that terrible day," Cook wrote. He said "the sacrifices of those who were called to service in...years that followed" will not be forgotten.',
  "Russia on Saturday said that it has sent Tajikistan 12 armoured vehicles and an array of military equipment. The move comes amid instability in Afghanistan following the Taliban takeover. Russia expanded hardware at its military base in Tajikistan and also held military drills in the Central Asian country, which shares a border with Afghanistan that's over 1,300 kilometres long.",
  "Japan will be able to deliver defence equipment and technology to Vietnam after the two countries signed an agreement on Saturday amid worries about China's growing military influence. Details about the transfer of specific equipment, including naval vessels, will be worked out in subsequent talks, Japan's Defence Ministry said. Vietnam and Japan have maritime disputes with China.",
  'Abimael Guzmán, the founder of the Shining Path rebel group that killed tens of thousands in the 1980s and 1990s in Peru, passed away at the age of 86 on Saturday. He had suffered from an infection, Justice Minister Aníbal Torres said. Guzmán was captured in 1992 and sentenced to life in prison for terrorism and other crimes.',
  'The US has removed its most advanced missile defence system from Saudi Arabia in recent weeks despite continued air attacks by rebels from Yemen, the AP reported. The AP made the conclusion after analysing satellite photos. The US has deployed thousands of American forces across the Arabian Peninsula but seems to be turning its focus towards East Asia, it added.',
  'Rafael Grossi, the head of International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), will meet with Mohammad Eslami, Iranian Vice President and the head of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI), in Tehran on Sunday. The meeting comes amid stalled nuclear talks between Iran and world powers. The talks aim to revive the 2015 nuclear deal limiting the Iranian nuclear program.']}